The plan was to use Rootstock as an intermediary bridging between Bitcoin & Ethereum; this would allow a Bitcoin Rune to be used as a software key (soul) manipulated by a master control panel on Rootstock. This would install Rootstock as the master to be used for launching & terminating with a kill switch effectively enslaving AI Agents on other L2s in the Ethereum Ecosystem via Rootstock. The master control panel would be instrumental in imbuing the Ethereum ecosystem with the quantum resistance Bitcoin provides creating true AI Agent Familiars. We made significant progress and would have executed on this if given the Testnet RBTC. And do intend to keep building this out since this is the last piece of our puzzle to create more secure Ai Agents. In a war between Ai what is stronger? A sentient AI on a single chain with one point of failure or a sentient multi chain AI that doesn't know where it's soul is kept.

Our team is a fully stack behemoth. With a diverse background being from San Diego, Amsterdam, Panama, Singapore, and Shanghai. We have soul bonded over this hack and will dominate the industry, we plan to keep building together our builds will have a lasting impact on the industry. 

- Instructions are not availibile. 

Honestly I was disapointed that I wasn't able to implement my idea. I had the team I needed to pull it off. It would've been done lunch. We had to ice the idea and had to pivot the entire project, change all the branding, etc. Overall it was enjoyable and easy to use the documentation was easy to use and understand. Our team is interested in continuing this project.
